feat: improve LspInfo (#2081)
neovim/nvim-lspconfig: doc/lspconfig.txt

the built-in client to provide functionality tailored to specific language
servers.

==============================================================================
Highlights                                                *lspconfig-highlight*

LspInfoTitle        Client name
LspInfoList         Server name list
LspInfoFiletype     `filetypes` area
LspInfoTip          Tip

> LspInfoBorder       Window border

Reviewer: This is the wrong direction. nvim-lspconfig should strive to be simple. Adding custom highlight groups , which requires documentation and backwards compatibility, is out of scope.

Author: this is correct. lspconfig only provides basic server configuration, about the highlight of the window. Predefined highlights have been used in the past. It's not that prominent in some themes. And the user doesn't have any options for modification. The only way is to modify the theme. This sucks. So let's make them optional in this pr.  
Use a new highlight group from a predefined highlight group. then link them.  This pr doesn't add too much code. Do not worry.

Author: yup. Because usually this command is used when debugging. Maybe users don't care. But I just want it to work fine in any configuration. .maybe it's a reckless pr . Sry

the built-in client to provide functionality tailored to specific language
servers.

================================================================================
Highlights                                                   *lspconfig-highlight*

> `LspInfoBorder` the highlight group of `LspInfo` window border. Use:
> >
>   -- Accepts the same values as the `border` option to |nvim_open_win()|
>   require('lspconfig.ui.windows').default_options.border = 'single' -- or other sty
> <
> `LspInfoList` the highlight group of servers name list
> `LspInfoTip` the highlight group of tips that the first line
> `LspInfoTitle` the highlight group of client name
> `LspInfoFiletype` the highlight group of the `filetypes` area

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
LspInfoTitle        Client name
LspInfoList         Server name list
LspInfoFiletype     `filetypes` area
LspInfoTip          Tip
LspInfoBorder       Window border
    To set the border use: >
        require('lspconfig.ui.windows').default_options.border = 'single'
<    Accepts the same values as the `border` option to |nvim_open_win()|

```

Reviewer 2: Also, the `===` separators are two characters too long
